Title: New Congruences and Finite Difference Equations for Generalized Factorial Functions
Author: Maxi. D. Schmidt

This article is a continuation of the work [11] (appeared in J. Integer Seq.). In this former work it was shown that the generalized factorial product sequence can be generated by the rational generating function given in terms of the hth convergent function. This latter function can be given by a truncated continued Jacobi-fraction. Explicit forms of the polynomials of these rational functions are given in terms of hypergeometric multiple sums.
Using this information, fascinating difference equations for the generalized factorial products are discovered and the authors succeeded in proving these discoveries in parts.
Utilizing this new insight, a firework of new results has been worked out. In particular, new complicated multi-sum identities are elaborated or characterizations of certain prime numbers are obtained. As a bonus, non-trivial applications in interaction with symbolic summation methods have been demonstrated.
All results have been checked carefully and a Mathematica notebook is provided that can be used to explore further the found identities.

In general, this article presents a lot of new identities/congruences and challenges the reader with various conjectures. 
Since this article clearly will push forward this branch of research, I recommend publication modulo the following remarks.


1) The abstract is too complicated. In particular, the first sentence should be simplified into smaller pieces that can be 
digested easily.

2) Subsection 1.1: state explicitly which of your notations correspond to the Stirling numbers of first and second kind. 
Further define the notation n!! which will pop up later. In addition, define the falling factorials also by the Gamma 
function (or is x always an integer?).


3) It would be helpful for the reader to insert a small and easy example that demonstrates identity (5) explicitly.

4) Before Proposition 1: Replace the last sentence by something like:
``We state our key proposition which we will prove in Section 3.1.''

As you remarked in the conclusion explicitly (and also in Section 3.1), your main Proposition 1 is only proven for the 
special cases $\alpha=+/-1,2$. So please, restrict your proposition to this situation and present the other cases as a 
conjecture. Otherwise, if you want to keep it like this, I want to see an explicit proof for the general case.

5) Remark 2: "but do not offer conclusive proof" -> "but do not offer a conclusive proof"


6) Example 3: remove $\times$ ad the end of the first identity.

7) Corollary 4: Since you utilize Proposition 1 (10c), you should restrict to the cases $\alpha=1,2$. Until Proposition 1 
is not proven in more generality, $\alpha>2$ seems to be only a conjecture.
Please check also other instances and adapt your statements accordingly.

8) First sentence in Subsec 3.4.1: "are of particular utility" -> "are of particular help"

9) A general comment on mathematical software: Most Mathematica packages are not developed by Mathematica (more precisely 
by Wolfram Research) but are worked out by independent researchers and are often based on their own mathematical theories. 
Formulations like "Mathematica's Sigma package" are thus rather unfortunate. Better formulation seems to be "Schneider's 
Mathematica package Sigma" or simply "the Mathematica package Sigma".
	

